src: add encodeInto to TextEncoder (#28862)
nodejs/node: doc/api/util.md

UTF-8 encodes the `input` string and returns a `Uint8Array` containing the
encoded bytes.

> ### textEncoder.encodeInto([src], [dest])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### textEncoder.encodeInto(src, dest)
```

(The source code does not look like these parameters are optional)

* `src` {string} The text to encode.
* `dest` {Uint8Array} the array to hold the encode result

> * Returns: {TextEncoderEncodeIntoResult}

Reviewer: I’d prefer to actually describe the object here, similar to [this](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/37d27486fce50bd82b6b5095af880d435ed308f8/doc/api/tls.md#tlssocketgetcipher)

UTF-8 encodes the `input` string and returns a `Uint8Array` containing the
encoded bytes.

### textEncoder.encodeInto(src, dest)

* `src` {string} The text to encode.
* `dest` {Uint8Array} the array to hold the encode result.
* Returns: {Object}

>   * `read` {number} The read unicode code units of src.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `read` {number} The read Unicode code units of src.
```

>   * `written` {number} The written utf8 bytes of dest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `written` {number} The written UTF-8 bytes of dest.
```

> UTF-8 encodes the `src` string to `dest` unit8Array and returns a object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
UTF-8 encodes the `src` string to `dest` `Uint8Array` and returns an object
```

> containing the read unicode code units and written utf8 bytes.

Reviewer 3: an example would be helpful

> containing the read unicode code units and written utf8 bytes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
containing the read Unicode code units and written UTF-8 bytes.
```
